# fyp-report
Report for my Final Year Project: `fyp`

## Interim Report Structure

1. **Introduction:** (1-3 pages) It’s a good idea to try to write the introduction to your final report early on in the project. However, you will find it hard, as you won’t yet have a complete story and you won’t know what your main contributions are going to be. However, the exercise is useful as it will tell you what you don’t yet know and thus what questions your project should aim to answer. For the interim report this section should be a short, succinct, summary of the project’s main objectives. Some of this material may be re-usable in your final report, but the chances are that your final introduction will be quite different.  You are therefore advised to keep this part of the interim report short, focusing on the following questions: What is the problem, why is it interesting and what’s your main idea for solving it?  (DON'T use those three questions as subheadings however!  The answers should emerge from what you write.)

1. **Background:** (10-20 pages) This should form the bulk of the interim report. You should consider that your objective here is to produce a near final version of the background section, as it will appear in your final report.  All of this material should be re-usable, so it is worth getting it right at this stage of the project.  The details of what to include can be found in the Project Report guidelines.

1. **Project Plan:** (1-2 pages). You should explain what needs to be done in order to complete the project and roughly what you expect the timetable to be. Don’t forget to include the project write-up (the final report), as this is a major part of the exercise. It’s important to identify key milestones and also fall-back positions, in case you run out of time.  You should also identify what extensions could be added if time permits.  The plan should be complete and should include those parts that you have already addressed (make it clear how far you have progressed at the time of writing).  This material will not appear in the final report.

1. **Evaluation plan:** (1-2 pages). Project evaluation is very important, so it's important to think now about how you plan to measure success. For example, what functionality do you need to demonstrate?  What experiments to you need to undertake and what outcome(s) would constitute success?  What benchmarks should you use? How has your project extended the state of the art?  How do you measure qualitative aspects, such as ease of use?  These are the sort of questions that your project evaluation should address; this section should outline your plan.

1. **Ethical issues:** (where necessary - 1-2 pages). Are there wider ethical, legal, professional and societal issues surrounding your project and the accompanying research? If there are, please discuss these. You should use the ethics checklist as the basis for this discussion. 

1. **Bibliography/References.** DoC uses the Vancouver Referencing Format.